{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ri-3288\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\pard\plain \tx1899\ri-12421\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 title:  'A semiotic protocol for semantic interoperability'  }
\par\pard\plain \tx1899\ri-12421\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 subtitle: 'design-time concerns for run-time semantic reconciliation'  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-3288\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 author: Paul Brandt  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 affiliation: Eindhoven University of Technology  }
\par\pard\plain \tx1899\ri-12421\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 version: '0.2'  }
\par\pard\plain \tx1899\ri-12421\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 category: 'Probleembeschrijving'  }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ack: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!-- }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This work was supported by the EC, through the RECAP project, part of the Interreg IVB NWE Programme. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 --> }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 chapters: true   <!--  This used to work, putting the chapter level to main level, but somehow it broke. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                        Now it is taken care of by the pandoc argument --chapters . -->  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tags: semantic interoperability, semantic dimensions, semantic characteristics, semantic concerns, semantic protocols, remote patient monitoring, blah  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bibliography: generated/bib/citedDiss.bib  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 csl: templates/environmental-health-perspectives.csl }
\par\pard\plain \ri-8940\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 abstract: | }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  purpose of semantic interoperability is to become independent, to the greatest extent possible, from conventions about meanings of signs when exchanging semantics. The question at hand is whether and to what extent it is possible to complete the semiotic triangle in ICT *at runtime*. Our approach to semantic interoperability is to facilitate a software component that can take on the role of the *thought* component, as opposed to putting a human in the loop at design-time. We have investigated three independent aspects to its answer, because these aspects attribute to the emergence of misunderstanding in the first place. The first (linguistic) aspect is about semantic heterogeneity, an issue that is caused by ambiguity, differences in levels of abstraction and aggregation, and changing perspectives. This issue refers to the relation between *sign* and *thing* intrinsically being non-sound. Semantic heterogeneity, therefore, should not be seen as a flaw that needs correction, but, being intricate to the nature of semantics, our approach should acknowledge and embrace its existence by making it explicit and investigate how it can be accounted for. The second (neurocognitive) aspect emerges as a consequence of taking the semiotic perspective on meaning, and is called the *symbol grounding problem*. This problem is about how to give meaning to symbols (i.c., the signs, such as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93prime number\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93car\u8221\'94) that are intrinsically arbitrary. Although symbols can be interpreted to relate to the referent (i.c., the thing in reality), it is important to acknowledge that their shape is arbitrary in relation to their referent. Yet, the thought component possesses the capability to pick the referent that the symbol stands for, something that a symbol system alone is not capable of. The symbol grounding problem refers to how this capability of the thought component can be realised. Although "Computationalism" believes otherwise, this problem cannot be solved from within the symbol system itself, and directs us to an approach that does not depend *solely* on symbol representation and manipulation but calls for the inclusion of perceptual grounding and ostensive definitions where the symbol system falls short. Thirdly, introducing both aspects in itself doesn\u8217\'92t make for systems that can become interoperable on demand; that requires an architectural embedding of the above mentioned concerns such that semantics become explicitly related to software models that are foundational to interoperability, e.g., models about data, processes, dialogues and more. This is the dimension of software architecting that aims to restrict the freedom of design by having principles, patterns and standards guide design decisions such that the unintended but allowed interpretation of models and behaviour can be excluded while required interpretations and behaviour can still be achieved at runtime. Therefore, our approach needs to align the semantic concerns into the overall system architecture because design decisions that are not properly aligned with the semantic concerns, induce semantic variability that impedes semantic interoperability. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     All three aspects call, in their own way, for a tailored means to constrain the possible interpretations of semantics to its intended interpretation. Constraining semantics, therefore, is the main theme in our work. We show that although being independent, semantic heterogeneity, perceptual grounding and engineering induced semantic variability can be addressed by one single framework on constraining semantics. We provide for a coherent, extensible method, called Cascaded Constrained Semantics, that respects semantic heterogeneity, facilitates symbol grounding and limits engineering induced semantic variability.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-8940\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\pard\plain \ri-3288\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}}