{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because Scrivener (Windows) is not yet capable of calculating the target word count of a section from its subsections, the progress indicator is not very helpful in showing your actual progress. We can realise this by the use of excel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To that end, you need to add two pieces of information to the scrivener meta-data:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Include a custom meta-data parameter, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s call it \u8216\'91level\u8217\'92. The purpose of this parameter is to provide for the level of the section. Unfortunately, you have to fill this manually because the <$hn> placeholder tag (see Scrivener manual, Appendix D, Table D.2) is only effective on compiling, which has no use here. Use level = 1 for all first level scrivenings (document), etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. Fill the Target parameter as you would expect, however, place a negative number for the section that needs to be calculated from its subsections, e.g., -1}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now export the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Outliner Contents as CSV\u8221\'94, and import it into Excel. Create in excel as many additional columns as levels and name them 1, 2, 3, 4, etc. Just the figure, no additional characters. Then, define in the cells for these columns the following formula\u8217\'92s:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Column 1: =IF($Q2=S$1,IF($Q3>=S$1,IF($N2>0,SUM(S3,$N2),SUM(S3,T3)),$N2),IF($Q2>S$1,S3,0))}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Column 2: =IF($Q2=T$1,IF($Q3>=T$1,IF($N2>0,SUM(T3,$N2),SUM(T3,U3)),$N2),IF($Q2>T$1,T3,0))}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Column 3: =IF($Q2=U$1,IF($Q3>=U$1,IF($N2>0,SUM(U3,$N2),SUM(U3,V3)),$N2),IF($Q2>U$1,U3,0))}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Last column: =IF($Q2=V$1,IF($Q3>=V$1,IF($N2>0,SUM(V3,$N2),V3),$N2),0)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And add one additional column that will give you the True Target (calculated) as:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Column TrueTarget: =IF(N2>=0,N2,OFFSET(R2,1,Q2+1,1,1))}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explanation:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Columns 1, 2, 3 etc. will calculate the cumulative figures, from ground to top, for the level that is indicated by the name of the column. It does this from the following parameters (indicated for the first level):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Q2 = your \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91level\u8217\'92 parameter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * S1 = the name of your column == the level that that column will cumulate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * N2 = the Target parameter (with negative numbers indicating the sections of interest)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * T3 = the previous level, the value of which represents the cumulative targets of the subsections}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}