{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1\i0 Bullits and numbered lists}
\par\pard\plain \tx1899\ri-10760\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Bullit}{\f0\fs24\b1  list}{\f0\fs24\b1 s}
\par\pard\plain \tx1899\ri-10760\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ri-10760\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bullets need not be flush with the left margin; they may be indented one, two, or three spaces. The bullet must be followed by whitespace, and preceded by a blank line. A list item may contain multiple paragraphs and other block-level content. However, subsequent paragraphs must be preceded by a blank line and indented four spaces or a tab. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   * Fruits}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     Continued paragraph belonging to Fruits.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 List items may include other lists. In this case the preceding blank line is optional. The nested list must be indented four spaces or one tab:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 * fruits}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0     + apples}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0         - macintosh}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0         - red delicious}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Number lists}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \ri-10760\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ordered lists work just like bulleted lists, except that the items begin with enumerators (numbers themselves are ignored) rather than bullets:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 2. First item}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 1. Second item}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 21. Third item}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Autonumbers}
\par\pard\plain \ri-10760\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (@one)  My first example will be numbered (1).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (@)  My second example will be numbered (2).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Explanation of example (@one).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (@)  My third example will be numbered (3).}}