{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mathematical formulae are not possible in MMD. To that end, apply LateX rules and include appropriate libraries in the latex template, see also https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX/Mathematics. The suggestions below are not MMD cheats but LateX cheats instead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \\usepackage\{mathtools\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mathmode: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Inline: TEXT encompassed with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \\( ... \\) of $ ... $}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 * Paragraph: wat was dit ook alweer?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you are typing text normally, you are said to be in }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 text mode}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , but while you are typing within one of those mathematical environments, you are said to be in }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 math mode}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that has some differences compared to the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 text mode}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most spaces and line breaks do not have any significance, as all spaces are either derived logically from the mathematical expressions, or have to be specified with special commands such as }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \\quad}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Empty lines are not allowed. Only one paragraph per formula.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each letter is considered to be the name of a variable and will be typeset as such. If you want to typeset normal text within a formula (normal upright font and normal spacing) then you have to enter the text using }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX/Mathematics#Adding_text_to_equations"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf3 dedicated commands.}}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The caret (^) character is used to raise something (superscript), and the underscore (_) is for lowering (subscript). If more than one expression is raised or lowered, they should be grouped using curly braces (\{ and \}).}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 $\\mathpzc\{ALC\}$}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}