{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Each section is identified with some meta-data, notably the }{\f0\fs24\b1 Phase}{\f0\fs24 , which identifies its progress and how your co-authors should respond to it. In order of progression:\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Phase  Color   Meaning                        Iteration  Review demand}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -------------------- -------- ----------------------------- ----------- -------------------------------------------------}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  ToDo                }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cardinal}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Synopsis drafted               Yes        Is synopsis relevant against abstract and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                                         scoped logically in relation to other arts?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Argumentation       Red     }{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Synopsis rdy, setting up the   Yes        Is argument complete, correct and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                               argumentation accordingly.                understandable? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                               Use keywords, bullit lists,               Major changes acceptable!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                               don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t write full sentences.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  1st draft           Orange   Focus on sentences, write a    No         Review from critical \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93stranger\u8221\'94 with fresh eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                               story                                     Understandable? Where did you get lost?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Revised draft       Mint     Processed comments, rewritten  Yes        Grammatically correct? Fits the wording}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                               if necessary                              the public?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                                         No major changes in argumentation expected!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Final draft         LgtGreen This should be it!             No         Final review round, last chance for changes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                                         Reviewers to acknowledge agreement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                                         Only minor textual changes, if any, expected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Publication rdy     Green    Done. Waiting for submission.  No         No review required, no comments expected.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 When all synopses are ready (phase for all sections: Argumentation), then,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  by concatenating all synopses,}{\f0\fs24  the story board of the paper can be read. In fact, drafting the Introduction should drive that process and, corollary, every claim should fit into a section synopsis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Note that all documents in the binder will have set Phase to }
\par\plain \f0\fs24}